I heard that Xingyue Media also has No. 1 Ice Beauty
On par with Li Fei'er
Today's look
As expected
Pervert, I'll have the security kick you out right now
Call security. Do you know who he is?
Here he is the only one who can drive you away
You have no right to chase him away.
What do you mean?
This is the new president of Crescent Media.
How could it be possible that you are so young?
Hey, Mr. Lin, why are you here?
Hey come
Let me introduce you
This is our new CEO of Star Music Media, Raymond Lam
Lin
Hello Mr. Lin
From now on we are colleagues
Mr. Lin, what are you talking about?
From now on, we are all your subordinates
Now you believe it, right?
I'm here to work too.
Mr. Lin, I was wrong just now.
It doesn't matter. Ignorance is not a crime.
If the host can successfully break through the iceberg beauty
Lan Yuebing immediately received 20 times the dog-licking reward
20x